# 환경 세팅
> React + TypeScript + Webpack + Babel + Eslint + Sass 

* Bundler인 Weback을 활용하여 Build하는 과정을 직접 구현할 수 있게 Loader와 Plugin을 활용

<hr>
<br>

### [세팅 절차]

#### 1. 디렉토리 뼈대

* yarn.lock
* node_modules
* package.json
* tsconfig.json
* webpack.config.js
* src
  * components
    * App.tsx
    * index.tsx

* build
  *  index.html
  *  static
    *  data
    *  css
    *  js
    *  media

<br>

#### 2. Node 환경 프로젝트 생성
### [Terminal]
```sh
mkdir React_Frontend && cd React_Frontend
mkdir build && mkdir src
touch build/index.html && mkdir build/static && mkdir build/static/data && mkdir build/static/css && mkdir build/static/js && mkdir build/static/media
mkdir src/components && touch src/components/App.tsx && touch src/components/index.tsx
yarn init -y
```

<br>

#### 3. Node 환경에 React + Typescript 구축 (package.json + tsconfig.json)

### [Terminal]
```sh
yarn add react react-dom
yarn add -D typescript ts-loader @types/react @types/react-dom
touch tsconfig.json
```
* ts-loader는 
```필요없음 
```babel이 역할을 
```대신 
```할 
```수 있음 

### [tsconfig.json]
```js
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "jsx": "react",                           // Whether to support JSX in .tsx files
    "outDir": "/build",                       // Represents the output directory.
    "target": "es5",                          // Represents the target ECMAScript version to transpile our code down to 
    "module": "commonjs",                     // Generates module code.
    "sourceMap": true,                        // Generates a .map file, which can be very useful for debugging the app.
    "noImplicitAny": true,                    // Raises errors for declarations with an implied any type.
    "lib": ["dom", "dom.iterable", "esnext"], // The standard typing to be included in the type checking process. Have chosen to use the types for the browsers DOM as well as the latest version of ECMAScript.
    "strict": true,                           // This sets the level of type checking to very high. When this is true, the project is said to be running in strict mode.
    "removeComments": true,                   // All comments removed
    
    "allowJs": true,                          // Whether to allow JavaScript files to be compiled.
    "allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true,     // This allows default imports from modules with no default export in the type checking process.
    "skipLibCheck": true,                     // Whether to skip type checking of all the type declaration files (*.d.ts).
    "esModuleInterop": true,                  // This enables compatibility with Babel.
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true, // Ensures that the casing of referenced file names is consistent during the type checking process.
    "moduleResolution": "node",               // How module dependencies get resolved, which is node for our project.
    "resolveJsonModule": true,                // This allows modules to be in .json files which are useful for configuration files.
    "isolatedModules": true,                  // 
    "noEmit": true                            // Whether to suppress TypeScript generating code during the compilation process. This is true in our project because Babel will be generating the JavaScript code.
  },
  "include": ["src"] // These are the files and folders for TypeScript to check.
}
```

### [index.html]
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Private Fund Manager</title>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="root"></div>
    <script src="bundle.js"></script>
</body>

</html>
```

### [index.tsx]
```html
import React from "react";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom";

const App = () => (
    <h1>My React and TypeScript App!</h1>
);

ReactDOM.render(
    <App />,
    document.getElementById("root")
);
```


<br>

#### 3. Node 환경에 Webpack 구축 (webkpack.config.json)

```js
yarn add -D webpack webpack-cli @types/webpack babel-loader ts-node
```
* Webpack is a popular tool that we can use to bundle all our JavaScript code into the bundle.js file our index.html
* webpack : the core webpack library
* webpack-cli : 
* babel-loader :
* ts-node : 
```js

```



<br>
<hr>
<br>

### [작업 환경]

#### 1. Node.JS
```js 
